Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-assignment-n-4-part-a-and-b
<br>
<p class="ui header product-top-header" title=" Assignment n. 4 – part a and b Solution"><strong>Assignment n. 4 – part a</strong>All the material needed for this assignment is included in the .zip archive where you have found this file. Please extract the archive to an empty directory (that will be called [root]) where you will work.This assignment is about the design of a set of web services for the FDS system. The web services have to be designed according to the following specifications.– The system includes the following client hosts/processes:• Check-in terminals are clients that can only perform check-in operations• Boarding terminals are clients that can only perform board management operations• Operator consoles are general purpose clients that can perform all the operations (i.e. check-in operations, boarding management operations and other operations).– The web services to be designed must provide the following functionalities:1. Check-in operations: a check-in operation assigns a seat to one of the passengers registered for a flight instance and returns the boarding pass information for that passenger (i.e. the assigned seat, the flight instance gate if already available, and the delay if any).2. Board management operations: start boarding for a flight instance (i.e. change the status of a flight instance from CHECKINGIN to BOARDING), register single passengers as boarded for the flight instance on which boarding has started, and get the list of passengers currently boarded on the flight instance on which boarding has started. The list must include passenger name and seat. Only passengers that have already been checked in can be boarded3. Other operations: cancel a flight instance (i.e. change its status to CANCELLED), change information about boarding gate and delay of a flight instance, read all the available information about flights, flight instances, and passengers. This last functionality must provide read access to the same information that can be accessed through the Java interfaces in the package it.polito.dp2.FDS (the one used for the first two assignments). Note the Java interfaces in the package it.polito.dp2.FDS are object-oriented and have been designed for local access, while the web service interface(s) should be service-oriented, and for remote access.Assuming the FDS system has to be developed using standard (SOAP) web services, design the web service(s) according to the specifications given above. Specify the designed web services inside two WSDL documents named respectively FDSInfo.wsdl (including the web service(s) that provide read access to all the available information) and FDSControl.wsdl (including the web service(s) that provide the other functionalities). Save both files under [root]/wsdl/.The WSDL files can reference other WSDL files stored in the same directory, and type definitions can be saved separately in a schema file with the same name as the main WSDL file and the xsd extension (for example, FDSInfo.xsd), stored in the same directory.The web services must be designed so as to be robust and so as to make the completion of the specified operations both efficient and easy to be used by clients.2The WSDL documents must include comments (documentation elements) that explain the semantics of the operations (so that users have all the information that is necessary for using them) and that briefly explain the main design choices and assumptions made.When designing the system, consider that it should be able to manage a multiplicity of airports, with a total of thousands of flights. When designing read access to all the information available, consider that this information may include data related to both the past and the future, and it can be related to a long time period (even several years).Correctness verificationIn order to be acceptable for examination, the produced WSDL documents must be valid. This can be checked by means of the Eclipse WSDL validator.Submission formatThe produced WSDL documents will be submitted along with Part b) of Assignment 4, for which instructions will be given later on.

<strong>Assignment n. 4 – part b)</strong>All the material needed for this assignment is included in the .zip archive where you have found this file. Please extract the archive to the same working directory where you have already extracted the material for part a) and where you will work.This second part of the assignment consists of two sub-parts:1. Write a Java server application that implements and publishes (using the JAX-WS Endpoint class) a simplified version of the web service(s) designed in part a). The simplified version of the web service(s) to be developed must implement only part of the functionalities 2. and 3. specified in part a). More precisely, for what concerns board management, only the operations that start boarding and that register single passengers as boarded have to be implemented. Instead, for what concerns the other operations, only the operations for reading all the available information about flights, flight instances, and passengers have to be implemented. The non-implemented operations that are in the same interfaces as the ones you have to implement can be left empty (returning null arguments, so that the compiler does not complain).The web service(s) must be initialized with the data retrieved from a data generator that implements the Java interfaces that are in the it.polito.dp2.FDS package. The data generator must be created by the web service(s) implementations by using the abstract factory class FlightMonitorFactory, as it was done in Assignments 1 and 2. The web service that includes the implemented operations for board management must be published at the URL http://localhost:7070/fdscontrol, and this web service must also publish the WSDL document FDSControl.wsdl at the URL http://localhost:7070/fdscontrol?wsdl. Instead, the web service that includes the implemented operations for reading all the available information must be published at the URL http://localhost:7071/fdsinfo, and this web service must also publish the WSDL document FDSInfo.wsdl at the URL http://localhost:7071/fdsinfo?wsdl. The server does not have to manage persistency but has to manage concurrency, i.e. more clients can operate concurrently on the same service(s), and even on the same flight instance.The server main class must be named FDSControlServer, the server must be developed entirely in package it.polito.dp2.FDS.sol4.server, and the source code for the server must be stored under [root]/src/it/polito/dp2/FDS/sol4/server .Write an ant script that automates the building of your server, including the generation of the necessary artifacts. The script must have a target called build-server to build the server. All the class files must be saved under [root]/build. Customization files, if necessary, can be stored under [root]/custom.The ant script must be called sol_build.xml and must be saved directly in folder [root].Once you have created the ant script as specified, you can run your server with a specific seed and testcase for the data generator by issuing the command (from the [root] directory)ant –Dseed=&lt;seed –Dtestcase=&lt;testcase run-serverIf this command fails it is likely that you have not strictly followed the specifications given above.Important: your ant script must define basedir=”.” and all paths used by the script must be under ${basedir} and must be referenced in a relative way starting from ${basedir}. If other files are necessary (e.g. for customization), they should be saved in the directory [root]/custom.

For the purpose of your testing, the random data generator or one of the libraries developed in Assignments 1 and 2 can be used interchangeably.2. Implement a client for the developed service(s) that can execute the implemented boarding management operations. More precisely, the client must use the information provided in an input XML file for simulating the boarding phase for a flight instance, and finally query the service for the current list of boarded passengers for the same flight instance, and write the list to an output XML file. The name of the input and output XML files are passed as command line arguments (input file name first). The format and meaning of the information of the input XML file is specified by the schema [root]/xsd/fdsBoarding.xsd (see the annotations for the meaning). A set of commented XML sample files (with names starting with fdsBoarding) is available under [root]/samples. The client must exit with exit code 0 if all the boarding management operations have been successfully completed. In this case, before exiting, the client must write the collected final list of passengers to an XML file with the format specified by the [root]/xsd/boardList.xsd schema. In case the sequence of operations cannot be completed successfully, the client must exit with exit code 1 if the error was due to wrong data in the input XML file (e.g. trying to board a passenger who did not check in or who was not registered for the flight instance), and with exit code 2 in the other cases (e.g. if the service could not be contacted or some other problem in the server occurred). The URL of the service for board management to be used by the client is specified by the endpoint attribute in the root element of the input XML file (you can assume the WSDL is the same as the one you submitted; if not, the client will exit with exit code 2). The URL of the service for reading the information about flights, flight instances, and passengers is fixed (http://localhost:7071/fdsinfo).The client application main class must be named FDSControlClient, the client must be developed entirely in package it.polito.dp2.FDS.sol4.client, and the source code for the client must be stored under [root]/src/it/polito/dp2/FDS/sol4/client.In your build.xml file, add a new target named build-client that automates the building of your client, including the generation of the necessary artifacts. All the class files must be saved under [root]/build. You can assume that the server is running when the build-client target is called (of course, the target may fail if this is not the case). Customization files, if necessary, can be stored under [root]/custom.Once you have created the ant script as specified, you can run your client with specific input and output files by issuing the command (from the [root] directory)ant –Dinput=&lt;inputfilename –Doutput=&lt;outputfilename run-clientOf course, you should run the server before running the client. If this command fails it is likely that you have not strictly followed the specifications given above.Correctness verificationBefore submitting your solution, you are expected to verify its correctness and adherence to all the specifications given here. In order to be acceptable for examination, your assignment must pass at least all the automatic mandatory tests. Note that these tests check just part of the functional specifications! In particular, they only check that:• the submitted WSDL files are valid (you can check this requirement by means of the Eclipse WSDL validator);• the implemented web service(s) and clients behave as expected, in some scenarios: the boarding operations are correctly performed by the client and by the server as specified in the input XML files (i.e. the list of passengers finally returned is coherent with the

information given in the input XML file). This can be verified by feeding the XML sample files to the application and checking that the produced XML files match the ones specified in the input files (see the comment at the beginning of each sample file). Matching of output XML files can be checked by runningant –Dfile1=&lt;filename1 –Dfile2=&lt;filename2 run-checkOther checks and evaluations on the code will be done at exam time (i.e. passing all tests does not guarantee the maximum of marks). Hence, you are advised to test your program with care.You can test your solution by running your server and then by using your client with other different XML input files (you can use the FDSInfo application in order to see the data generated for a given seed and testcase).Submission formatA single .zip file must be submitted, including all the files that have been produced. The .zip file to be submitted must be produced by issuing the following command (from the [root] directory): $ ant make-final-zipIn order to make sure the content of the zip file is as expected by the automatic submission system, do not create the .zip file in other ways.

5/5 - (1 vote)